[Music]
hi it's Kate from Big review TV I am
here at the a Vera yoga wellness clinic
and punch Karma Center in dandong now
what they do is they treat everything
from Stress and Anxiety to skin diseases
to weight loss to even much more serious
psychological and physical dis diseases
now what I learned today was about punch
Karma now you may have never heard about
that before I hadn't but it is in fact a
full body detox it will treat everything
from metabolic imbalances and it is a
full detox incorporating massage and
natural treatments now it also
incorporates both the psychological and
the physical with the yoga and
meditation and they do all of that here
as well so whether you want to treat a
really serious physical or psychological
problem or you just want to come and
have a great detox and some meditation
you can do it all here at the a Vera
yoga wellness clinic and punch Karma
Center but download the big review TV
app come review it for yourself and you
never know what magic you will find
right here in dandom